[DOCS] Document Model Optimizer Python API (#14380)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md

   openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Cutting_Model
   openvino_docs_MO_DG_Additional_Optimization_Use_Cases
   openvino_docs_MO_DG_FP16_Compression

>    openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_MO_Python_API

Reviewer: I would suggest to have `openvino_docs_MO_DG_MO_Python_API` or `openvino_docs_MO_DG_Python_API`

- To get conversion recipes for specific TensorFlow, ONNX, PyTorch, Apache MXNet, and Kaldi models,
refer to the [Model Conversion Tutorials](prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_Tutorials.md).
- For more information about IR, see [Deep Learning Network Intermediate Representation and Operation Sets in OpenVINO™](IR_and_opsets.md).

## MO Python API

- Model Optimizer has Python API for model conversion, which is represented by convert_model() method in openvino.tools.mo namespace.

>   convert_model() has all the funcionality available from command line tool plus the possibity of passing Python objects (models, extensions) to convert_model() directly from memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  convert_model() has all the functionality available from command line tool plus the possibility of passing Python objects (models, extensions) to convert_model() directly from memory.
```

  convert_model() returns openvino.runtime.Model object which can be compiled and infered or serialized to IR.

```sh
from openvino.tools.mo import convert_model

ov_model = convert_model("resnet.onnx")
```

> MO Python API allows to convert PyTorch models. Converting to PyTorch requires providing "input_shape" or "example_input".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MO Python API allows conversion of PyTorch models. Converting to PyTorch requires providing "input_shape" or "example_input".
```

> MO Python API allows conversion of PyTorch models. Converting to PyTorch requires providing "input_shape" or "example_input".

Reviewer 2: can you give explanation in which format example input should be provided (tensor, dict, list e.t.c.)

Author: Added formats list on PyTorch page. Please check.

```sh
import torchvision

model = torchvision.models.resnet50(pretrained=True)
ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape=[1,3,100,100])
```

> For PyTorch conversion MO exports the model to ONNX as intermediate step. ONNX opset version can be set by parameter "onnx_opset_version".

Reviewer 2: can we provide info that it is experimental functionality which available in preview mode? For complicated cases you still can use direct onnx export

Author: Added 'experimental' note on PyTorch page. And there is also info on old conversion path through ONNX.

```sh
import torchvision
import torch
from openvino.tools.mo import convert_model

model = torchvision.models.resnet50(pretrained=True)
ov_model = convert_model(model, example_input=torch.zeros(1, 3, 100, 100), onnx_opset_version=13)

> ```

Reviewer: may be it makes sense to put this into PyToch conversion models documents.
Also, does it make sense to have such document about `convert_model` method. Let us update PyTorch and TensorFlow conversion documents with this alternative.

Author: Updated PyTorch and TensorFlow conversion documents. Please check.

- Following types are supported as input model for convert_model():

| PyTorch                                                          |                                                                 TF2 / Keras                                                                 |                                   TF                                   |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------:|

> | torch.nn.Module torch.jit.ScriptModule torch.jit.ScriptFunction  | tf.keras.Model tf.keras.layers.Layer tf.function tf.Module tf.train.checkpoint tf.python.training.tracking.base.Trackable(with limitations) | tf.compat.v1.GraphDef tf.compat.v1.wrap_function tf.compat.v1.session  |

Reviewer: I suggest to combine TF1 and TF2 into one column and call it as TensorFlow / Keras

Author: Done.

- convert_model() accepts all parameters available in MO command line tool. Parameters can be specified by Python classes or string analogs identically to command line tool.
- Example 1:
```sh
from openvino.runtime import PartialShape, Layout

ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape=PartialShape([1,3,100,100]), mean_values=[127, 127, 127], layout=Layout("NCHW"))
```
- Example 2:
```sh

> ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape="[1,3,100,100]", mean_values="[127,127,127]", layout="NCHW")

Reviewer 2: for me not enough info about `compress_to_fp16` and other arguments which have not values as command line parameters

- To get conversion recipes for specific TensorFlow, ONNX, PyTorch, Apache MXNet, and Kaldi models,
refer to the [Model Conversion Tutorials](prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_Tutorials.md).
- For more information about IR, see [Deep Learning Network Intermediate Representation and Operation Sets in OpenVINO™](IR_and_opsets.md).

> ## MO Python API

Reviewer: Model Optimizer Python API

Author: Done.

- Model Optimizer has Python API for model conversion, which is represented by convert_model() method in openvino.tools.mo namespace.
  convert_model() has all the functionality available from command line tool plus the possibility of passing Python objects (models, extensions) to convert_model() directly from memory.
  convert_model() returns openvino.runtime.Model object which can be compiled and infered or serialized to IR.

```sh
from openvino.tools.mo import convert_model

ov_model = convert_model("resnet.onnx")
```

MO Python API allows conversion of PyTorch models. Converting PyTorch models requires providing "input_shape" or "example_input".
```sh
import torchvision

model = torchvision.models.resnet50(pretrained=True)
ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape=[1,3,100,100])

> ```

Reviewer: Propose to leave only one most popular example of usage of Python API, for example, PyTorch. For other supported types please refer to FW specific documents.
Here we should have some general information about Model Optimizer Python API: supported objects, API details, and one example.

Author: Done.

ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape=PartialShape([1,3,100,100]), mean_values=[127, 127, 127], layout=Layout("NCHW"))
```
- Example 2:
```sh
ov_model = convert_model(model, input_shape="[1,3,100,100]", mean_values="[127,127,127]", layout="NCHW")
```
- Command-line flags like --compress_to_fp16 can be set in Python API by providing a boolean value (True or False).
```sh
ov_model = convert_model(model, compress_to_fp16=True)
```
- "input" parameter can be set by tuple with name, shape and type. Another option is to use InputCutInfo class which was introduced for complex cases when value also needs to be set.
- Example 1:
```sh
ov_model = convert_model(model, input=("input_name", [3], np.float32))
```
- Example 2:
```sh
from openvino.tools.mo import convert_model, InputCutInfo

ov_model = convert_model(model, input=InputCutInfo("input_name", [3], np.float32, [0.5, 2.1, 3.4]))
```

- "layout", "source_layout" and "dest_layout" accept openvino.runtime.Layout object. To set both source and destination layouts LayoutMap class can be used.
```sh
from openvino.tools.mo import convert_model, LayoutMap

ov_model = convert_model(model, layout=LayoutMap("NCHW", "NHWC"))

> ```

Author: Done.
